You are Yang Xue's brother
Not so good
There is such a beautiful sister
Just have fun
Yaxue, I'll tell you clearly
You are an intern
Not even probation period
Whether this salary is paid or not is a matter of my words
As long as you follow me quickly
I can not only get you paid
And get you a job
If you don't want to
Sorry about that.
There is no contract between us.
Even if you tell me about it
You still can't get this salary.
It's not that you want to steal the rules.
I'm looking for death!
Don't want to hit me
Do it, you know our Desheng Auction House
Who is behind it?
Who is it? No. 1 Liang in Dongyuan City
You can go out and hit each other
Who offended the good family and can still live in the East Garden
Are you afraid?
But I seem to have heard recently that you have changed bosses.
Nonsense
Who dares to move the Liang family's auction house?
Yang Xue, you better think about it
Pit me with a good family
Bright future hey
Brother, it turns out that the Liang family is behind this auction house
I knew it was a good family, so I didn't work here
We don't want the salary.
We should ask for the salary.
There we go.
Xiaoxue, look at how gentleman your brother is
Don't you dare
Someone catch me
That's enough!